COVID-19 is a disease that affects folks of all age group. Its mode of transmission is not very well understood. Some speculate that COVID-19 is transmitted from person to person when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or talks, droplets or tiny particles called aerosols carry the virus into the air from their nose or mouth. Anyone who is within 6 feet of that person can breathe it into their lungs and becomes infected if the person ingests a great deal of virus. However, the real method of transmission is not very well studied since the disease is new. The COVID-19 pandemics is a major challenge that left health officials around the world stranded to come up with measures that can contain it. Covid-19 does not discriminate against gender, race, age, and geographical position. Thus, it attacks folks of all genders, races, and ages around the globe, and it has already caused close to 76.4 million infections and more than 1.69 million deaths worldwide. This aggressive spread of COVID-19 has rushed scientists around the world to find a treatment and containment measures. To understand and combat such a large-scale outbreak, the treatment and containment strategies must also consider the diversity of infection, and potential differences such as the way a population or an age group responds to the many variants that might exist. Quite often, scientists conduct studies on the genetic diversity of viruses so that they can get insights on their genetic materials and their method of transmission. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, several studies on the genetic diversity of these viruses have been performed. As of now, not a lot of information about the diversity of COVID-19 variants and the likely impact on clinical outcomes can be determine by the biomedical community while the transmission dynamics and mutation rates of viral genomes remain two factors of significant importance. At the time of writing this report, the fatality rates in the world range widely from as low as less than 4% to as high as more5%, and The United Stated account for 315 thousands of the 1.69 million deaths worldwide. The real reason behind these dramatically different mortality rates and possible differences in affected age groups are not very well understood. Therefore, it is imperative to collect and present accurate clinical data as well as elaborate epidemiological studies such that both current and future outbreaks like COVID-19 can not only be understood but also controlled. Patient age has been the center of many COVID-19 demographic studies as the key factors that can predict clinical outcomes. These clinical outcomes are included and not limited to fatality rate and severity of symptoms. Nevertheless, the mechanism in which a given viral variant like COVID-19 variant might impact different patient age groups has not been very well investigated. This makes it very hard to contain this horrible virus. Therefore, a detailed impact analysis of COVID-19 requires sequencing of thousands of samples across various ethnicities and age groups, which is yet to be attempted. In this project, an alternative approach to understand positive COVID-19 infections and their relationships to the age of patients in term of correlation is presented.  
